We're gonna move on to scopes now,
we're gonna do an interactive exercise.
We're gonna do that game that
we really liked to play.
Everyone was like, I really like it.
Bianca when we play that game
where everyone goes in a line and
says what happens next, especially when
it's tricky and I say the wrong thing.
Just give you one of those moments.
So, we're gonna go through this,
is it a testing suite, and
all these tests are testing
various combinations of scope.
And so, scope is just the area where
a variable has access to some value.
So, when we're defining
variables we know that there
are such things global variables and
local variables.
And the like write a global
variable is available throughout
the entire code base, and
usually we declare that by
just not putting a bar in
front of something, right?
Usually not a good idea or we can attach
it directly to the window object.
So, that's a global variable and
then we have local variables that are
inside of functions or inside of blocks.
And there are some trick
rules around when certain
variables have access to
certain values and not.
And so, we're gonna go through some
scenarios, we're gonna run this code and
see what happens.
And then there's the testing suite here,
we wanna get the test to pass.
So, I'm going to describe
what these tests are doing so
that we get a little bit
familiar with this code base.
But really what you are should
be worried about is
the function body of the callback
of the it's statement.
So, when it says it bla bla bla
its the body of the function,
but let's start at the top.
So, this is just a regular testing suite,
I think it's Mocha maybe.
And we're wrapping it in this function,
it goes all the way down here and
then we're immediately invoking it,
that's what those parentheses are doing.
So, it's just wrapping
an anonymous function and
then invoking it immediately, and
then we have this describe block.
What do you think if I
did type of describe?
What do you think that would be?
Cameron
>> Undefined.
>> Undefined?
It's a good guess.
>> Object.
>> Object?
Who thinks it's gonna be an object?
Who thinks that it's
gonna be something else?
What do you think it's gonna be Eddie?
>> A function?
>> Why?
>> Because it has the parentheses
of like scope exercises
etcetera right next to it like
>> Yeah,
it looks like it's a function
being called, right?
Yeah, and that's what it is.
So, describe is a function
it takes two arguments,
one is a string that describes this block,
and
then a callback function that
has a few different tests.
And so if we look at our UI over here we
see that it creates this scope exercises,
title and then it has all of
our tests inside here, okay?
So, we have an actual variable
that we're just initializing here,
then we have a beforeEach
function is beforeEach
function just is called
beforeEach it block.
So, will you see this ending?
This will be called automatically.
Have you guys done touch test driven
development or written tests like this?
Cool [LAUGH] awesome okay.
So, then we have an it block,
and what do you think this is?
If we said type of it?
>> Function.
>> Also function?
So, the first thing it takes is
a string that's a description
of what it is testing,
the second thing is a callback function
that it's expecting it to return
whether it's passing or not.
So, this saying says, expect actual
to equal the string inner to.be.true.
What do you think this evaluates to?
What does that return?
>> A Boolean.
>> That's a good guess, it has to
return some sort of object, right?
Because we have these dots.
>> To.be.true so, Boolean [INAUDIBLE].
>> Some sort of object that
has something like this.
You see that?
>> Like an array of objects?
>> Well, that's the only way you can
these dots to work in JavaScript, right?
To.be.true we should put
something like that.
Anyway, I'm just showing you that there
are some interesting applications to all
of the rules that I was saying before,
but they don't change.
They look a little crazy, but people
are just building on the roles that we
went over and
doing creative things with them.
>> [CROSSTALK]
>> They're asking where does to.be.true
come from?
That from?
>> I believe it's Mocha.
>> Okay
>> Yeah.
I think the describe beforeEach and
it is mocha, and
then the expect, maybe try.
I don't know I'd have to
look I haven't looked at
>> To the libraries, but
the library is basically
all you have to say there.
>> Yeah, it's for the library
we're using a library here, and
I'll share this after you guys
can have it and play with it.
Okay so, I just gave you a little tour.
>> Is there a reason actual is all caps?
>> Just to make it stand out really, yeah,
cuz if you see we're going to be
reassigning actual bunch of times,
just to see what the value will hold,
yeah.
Cool and so, knowing that in
JavaScript we have function scope.
Do we know that?
Have you guys heard about function scope?
Is that something you've heard of?
So, before recently we only
really had function scope, and
that means that variables that
were inside of a function only had
access to the values defined there,
or in the parent function.
So, for example here's a function
here's an inner function, okay?
If we had a variable name for
example we couldn't access it over here.
Because it's outside of
this function's scope.
>> So, in the function or child functions?
>> What do you mean?
>> The use of parent function before?
So, you can access variables
declared in a function or
in functions declared in that function,
but not the other way around.
>> No only in the parent
>> Only in the parents
>> So, you can only look up.
>> You can only look up.
>> So, if you think of scope
as sort of like a hierarchy,
you have a global scope being available to
everyone, and that's your window objects,
things on the window object if
you're working in a browser.
And then you have your first function and
then your nested function and
you can think of it as like your
global scope, our scope, inner scope,
more inner, inner,
inner all the way down as many deep.
Yeah and so,
inside the function you can only reach for
values in the outer scopes
all the way up to chain them.
And then, through that sort of
chaining from inner to outer,
we have masking of values.
So, if I declare a value in here and
I also declare a value out here.
Then this name is going to be inner,
even though the name out
here will be mark and so
once I get out of this function if I
reference name this is gonna be mark.
>> My name's in a video looking famous.
>> Yeah you're famous now.
>> Thank you Bianca,
>> You're welcome.
>> There's a question in chat
about the very first line the,
>> Line one?
>> Immediately invoked
function expression?
>> What about it?
>> Just didn't know I was there, I'm like.
>> I didn't know what if he is and I mean.
>> Yeah, so,
>> Is there something you're getting into?
>> Not really.
>> Okay.
>> All you need to know is what
this does is it lets you call
the function immediately.
So, once this page is loading,
we'll just call this function immediately,
that's all, and
we'll set up all of our tests.
>> Let me show the bottom part of that.
>> Yeah, I showed it earlier,
but I can show again.
So, here we are calling it
there's a clue down there,
I should get away from this, okay great.
So, we're gonna walk through
how the function is running
inside of these it blocks